I'll sleep here tonight.
I can sleep in the car.
This car is too small.
I sleep if
If you don't mind.
I slept in bed.
You set the floor.
Go wash your face first.
Okay.
You've died eight times.
Oh, this broken game still has some bugs that have not been fixed.
Is it bothering you?
I'll turn off my voice.
How do you design maybe a broken game?
Don't you think playing games all day isn't the right thing to do?
It's a very developed industry.
Last year, our country's biogas industry broke 300 billion.
The future will only be more prosperous and developed.
I hope.
You can do what you are good at and love.
That way you can shine.
The world is beautiful and vibrant
Okay, the moisture on the floor is too heavy to sleep in.
There's some mold.
So we sleep separately.
Well water does not violate river water
What the hell can this thing stop?
Go to sleep. I'm tired.
Where is my physiological period?
Don't think too much.
How to sleep like a pig